[full-ci] add docs for generating the coverage report and setting report coverage on sonarcloud (#11081)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/development/testing.md

  "defaultFont": "/path/to/ocis/tests/config/drone/NotoSans.ttf"
}
```

> ## Generating code coverag report by running acceptance test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating code coverage report by running acceptance tests
```

> ## Generating code coverag report by running acceptance test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Generating code coverage report by running acceptance test
```

> ## Generating code coverage report by running acceptance test

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Generating Code Coverage Report by Running Acceptance Tests
```

> You can find the code coverage of ocis's source code by running acceptance tests. For that first you have to make a debug build for ocis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the code coverage of ocis's source code by running acceptance tests. For that, you have to make a debug build for ocis first.
```

> You can find the code coverage of ocis's source code by running acceptance tests. For that, you have to make a debug build for ocis first.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To find out what oCIS code is covered by the API tests, first create a debug build of oCIS.
```

```shell
make -c ocis build-debug
```

> Ocis should be server with the debug build.

Reviewer: You mean this?
```suggestion
Ocis should be served with the debug build.
```

> Ocis should be served with the debug build.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
oCIS should be served by the debug binary.
```

```shell
ocis/bin/ocis-debug server
```

> Then defind a folder to store the coverage report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then define a folder to store the coverage report.
```

```shell
export GOCOVERDIR=covragedatafiles
```

> Now running the tests should genetate the coverage report inside `covragedatafiles`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now running the tests should generate the coverage report inside `coveragedatafiles` directory.
```

> Now running the tests should generate the coverage report inside `coveragedatafiles` directory.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Running the tests will generate the coverage report inside the `coveragedatafiles` directory.
```

> To view the report in human readable form enter the following command or refer to the offical [documentation](https://go.dev/doc/build-cover#working) for more formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the report in human readable form, enter the following command or refer to the official [documentation](https://go.dev/doc/build-cover#working) for more formats.
```

```
go tool covdata textfmt -i=coveragedatafiles -o=cov.txt
```

> You can also view the report in a web ui using the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also view the report in a web UI using the following command.
```
